Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Wow!
- What is that?
Amazing. Cool!
So cool!
It's like it's human.
Ubu. did you make this all by yourself?
I did.
The kids all get along.
and there's no bullying.
This facility is top-notch.
I hope they will go
to foster parents soon.
Look. Director.
That's incredible.
Will you be a Somadea mechanic one day?
Yeah. I want to be an engineer.
What...
Gotcha!
Boom.
Found you. Director.
You found a good hiding spot.
You are. oh. so clever.
Director. who are these people?
Shit... Think you can kill me?
I'm scared!
A 9-millimeter Luger has no effect
on a full Somadea body.
- No!
- Stop playing around. Maggie!
Okay.
You can't beat me
with your half-assed illegal mod.
You shitty ARCHIMEDEATH brat...
You're too easy. grandpa.
So cruel...
The real cruel one was that man.
Young lady.
He killed each child's parents
and made you all enter his own orphanage.
He's a complete fiend.
demanding a large admission fee
in order to fund his own luxuries.
You're lying.
I couldn't find him quite so easily
after he disguised his identity
with plastic surgery.
Mr. Elegance.
Maggie and I are bounty hunters
of ARCHIMEDEATH.
We've come to take care of a wanted
criminal with illegally modified Somadea.
You sure are a cutie.
What's your name?
You must be about 14.
This facility will be shut down soon.
Why don't you come with me?
There it is. Boss's Lolita complex.
I'm headin' out now.
What terrible mugs.
They're the target for our next hunt.
They've got illegal mods too.
so don't let your guard down.
They're just dumb criminals.
so it'll be easy-peasy.
Don't let them get a scratch on ya.
You are my lovely. lovely little doll.
I know.
Let's get them before another
company does. Let's go on the Toraichi.
Go fetch the Minimi.
And don't forget the earpiece.
Yes. Boss.
All righty! I'm gonna come kill ya now!
Open the armory!
I wish I could meet
this version of you again.
Have you made your pick?
Give me all of 'em.
Huh?
We can fetch a high price for these girls.
You're moving to a new workplace.
Yes. master.
Are you going to run maintenance
on all of 'em?
Defective goods won't sell
for shit. will they?
What the hell are you doing?
Hurry up and get on!
- That bitch.
- It's just little Maggie...
from ARCHIMEDEATH.
Don't play around!
Die. bitch!
Not her again!
You piece of shit.
Taking my target again?
Acting like you're hot shit
when you're still flesh and bone!
I'm still in the middle of a hunt.
And you're in the way. so leave!
I'll fucking kill you!
You're next!
Hunt somewhere else. bounty hunter!
What if a stray bullet hits us?
I didn't hit anyone.
And I'm cleaning up your goddamn streets.
so if you don't want to get killed.
stop complaining!
That's right.
Maggie. Maggie. are you alive?
I told you.
Your brain isn't synthetic.
so if it's damaged.
I can't bring you back.
And if you're hit
with Figure Killer bullets.
even a full body Somadea will be a goner.
I suppose tonight I'll reminisce about her
over a memorial barbecue dinner.
It's him...
You again?
Looks like you've done
a lot of property damage again this time.
And the government will make sure
the victims are all compensated.
The justice system goes too easy
on you bounty hunters.
That's because you guys can't catch
the modified Somadea criminals.
Or am I wrong?
Thanks for your business.
If you think you're so good
at what you do.
you should contribute to society
by getting rid of Tepeshracula.
I'm no hero.
Live long. Ubu Kamigori.
What is this?
Gross...
- Who are you?
- It's just me.
Elegance...
It's dangerous for you here.
You should leave now.
What are you saying? You're the intruder.
I was so very worried about you.
so I let myself in.
What's all this?
I don't know.
It's my first time seeing it.
I couldn't pull a trick like this.
Then who did?
Are you enjoying your life. Ubu?
None of your damn business.
You spend your blood money
on daily expenses
and to invest in work tools.
Or something like that.
Your disgusting-ass beard.
If you don't want me
to yank it out. leave.
Oh. this? It's a tattoo.
That's funny.
There's no woman quite like you.
Won't you join ARCHIMEDEATH?
The answer is "no" every time.
no matter how many times you ask.
If you won't be mine.
I'll take you even if I have to kill you.
You're insane.
- I'll never let anyone have you.
- Get out.
Don't ever show your face around...
This is my love.
Why...
I'm alive.
What's happening?
Where is this?
This isn't my leg!
I never asked for a Somadea graft!
But you can play baseball again.
- Hey.
- Stop!
I don't feel pain.
Miss Kamigori.
You're awake.
The brain mechanism hasn't synchronized
with the body yet. so you must rest.
How long...
You've been asleep for a year.
What do you mean?
I'll call your guardian immediately.
so please return...
My guardian?
Mr. Elegance. of course!
No...
That scumbag isn't my guardian!
Hey. wait!
That man...
He's a murderer!
Welcome.
- Hey.
- I'm borrowing this.
The blade won't penetrate.
I don't feel pain. and there's no blood.
Can I have it back now?
She's Somadea... She scared me.
Elegance!
Huh? My body... feels heavy...
Got you.
HOT SPRINGS
The current medical Somadea procedure
is truly a revolutionary innovation.
Yo.
I'll kill you!
You don't have the strength you used to.
You're set to have the physical capacity
of your 14-year-old self.
What the hell did you do to me?
It's my atonement.
Eleven years ago.
I got rid of that creepy director
at your orphanage. remember?
I ruined your life by doing so.
So I'm giving you a chance for a redo.
You don't make any sense.
Your brain is the only meat left.
The rest is Somadea.
You're a mechanical doll.
You'll start a new life at 14 again.
As my lovely little doll.
So that's why you killed me.
I didn't kill you.
I avoided your precious organs
so you wouldn't die instantaneously.
No. you killed me!
Pain. smell. and taste
cannot be artificially re-created.
You don't feel
any tactile sensation. right?
Oh. this? My left eye is a camera.
Otherwise. I'm completely flesh and bone.
I'll never forgive you!
Moreover. there's nowhere for you to go
even if you do leave.
What do you mean?
I've already taken care of
vacating your apartment.
and all of your savings
have been transferred to my account.
And of course. the wounded corpse
of your 24-year-old body is all gone.
The court has officially declared you
as missing. you know?
Police are seriously useless.
And with GPS. I can find you
no matter where you run off to.
With one touch. your power will shut off.
I specifically customized this device
for you. my Little Cherry.
You asshole...
Weren't you listening. Cherry?
Yo!
Why am I naked?
You've been asleep for a year.
You must get clean.
What is this place?
Including the lobby we were just at.
we're at BIRANOYU.
It's a hot spring facility I manage.
A front to hide from criminals.
You never learn.
Learn your lesson already. Cherry.
I present to you the ARCHIMEDEATH office.
Starting today.
you'll work for me
while you live at the hot springs.
Who would want to work
at a place like this...
You have no choice
but to be my little doll.
You disgusting pervert!
I'll take that as a compliment.
Here's your room.
You can decorate it however you like.
The work tools that were
in that carrying case
- are stored in the armory...
- Elegance...
I swear I won't let you get your way.
- There's Tommy J... the wanted criminal.
- Hurry. this way!
Requesting backup!
Requesting backup immediately!
Drop your weapon and surrender!
What...
Police are seriously useless.
Hey. trash. did you see that?
Help me... Help.
I don't wanna die.
Go. I'd rather not shoot
a grandpa and a kid.
Death by bomb.
the best way to die!
I fell asleep...
My body is Somadea.
but I guess my brain cells
still need to rest.
I guess it's a given. It's meat.
When did he...
Dear Little Cherry. here's a map
of BIRANOYU and ARCHIMEDEATH.
Learn the layout soon. Looking forward
to your service. Mr. Elegance.
The room aesthetic.
The clothes. I hate it all.
Tommy J.
He's a serial killer who mainly targets
women. children. and the elderly.
almost indiscriminately.
A real piece of shit.
Go with Vespa.
Looks like Tommy J is
on the move to another city.
I'll hunt on my own.
In exchange.
give me a bigger cut of the bounty.
Men get two percent.
If you don't like it. work somewhere else.
Tommy J's strengthened
the skin of his modified parts. too.
Equip the Figure Killer bullets.
I know. Don't micromanage me.
Huh? Who are you?
Who the hell is she?
Where are my tools?
She's a new live-in part-timer.
Ubu Kamigori. Fourteen.
You're still a fucking creep. aren't ya?
What cut do the girls get?
Huh? You're hunting. too?
Fifty percent. And what of it?
You're gonna work for a bastard like him?
You must be crazy.
I have to do what Elegance says.
I'm asking. "Where are my tools?"
Really? Are you serious?
Damn. okay. You're used to this. The hell?
What's that?
Hey. don't ignore me. Answer me. brat!
I'm borrowing your atelier.
I'm strengthening my muscles.
Is that a problem?
If you're feeling up to being of service.
then I suppose it must be done.
Shouldn't you stop her?
There's no way that girl's gonna win
against Tommy J.
Cherry is a mechanical doll.
That kid's a Somadea?
Her brain is older than you.
so watch how you talk to her.
The hell does that mean?
Police can't attack
since I've got you all here.
All right.
I'm gonna restart the tram massacre show.
This car is the only one left.
Let's duke it out. 20.000 ylla!
I'm gonna kill the hostages!
Go ahead. It's none of my business.
You're a bounty hunter. huh? All right.
Shit!
That hurts. bastard!
Tough kid.
You won't hit anything
rapid-firing while running. idiot!
You've got two seconds to think
of your last words! Huh?
Damn tram!
Kids should be seen. not heard.
So take... your ass to school!
Shut up!
Where the hell you aiming.
shit for brains?
Tracking missiles?
Shit.
Stay away!
Oh. no.
What the hell?
I broke... something...
Bastard.
You're flesh and bone.
What of it?
There's no way you can win
against a modified Somadea. brat!
Don't underestimate me. idiot.
Death by bomb.
Give me a break.
The best way to die!
Who the hell?
It's her...
I... I came to pray.
Where are you? Come out. bounty hunter!
I have a request.
Do I look like a priest to you?
I'll crush you like a bug.
I need money.
Do you hear me. sir? I need money.
Go sell your body or something.
you little bitch!
I'll take your bounty.
Who are you...
I guess this body has its advantages.
Incredible.
How dare you take my right arm!
Did I get her?
I see your bottom half is flesh.
Please...
Please... please spare me!
I told you.
I said I needed money. didn't I?
You should know the condition
to receiving a bounty.
Bring the brain of a wanted criminal
possessing illegal Somadea
to the authorities.
Whether the target is alive or dead is...
irrelevant.
Just your head!
Bravo!
Now. under ARCHIMEDEATH...
a new heroine is born!
Who are you calling "new heroine"?
She swiped my freakin' target.
Ow. ow. ow! That hurts so bad!
I'll be deducting equipment repair costs
from your share.
I feel all ready to go!
Part-timer. You came!
My special lady. she loves her cigarettes
She's always puffing. puffing
Puffing away
I tell her to stop
'Cause it's bad for her health
But she's always puffing. puffing
Puffing away
From that sky. so far away
They say happiness rains down
But until I know that joy
I'm gonna keep my cigarettes
And keep puffing. puffing. puffing away
I left your cut
in the dressing room. Cherry.
Be sure to clean up nice and good.
Okay.
Good girl.
Next time you hunt...
- Enjoy yourself while you can.
- ...don't forget your earpiece.
Ten thousand ylla. Keep the change.
Miss.
If they find out I sold to a minor.
this shop will be in trouble.
I'm more mature than I look.
Will you sell or not?
Elegance.
Kid...
I can't get enough.
Thank you for letting me meet Cherry.
I'm so happy!
Through rain and storm.
So happy. happy. full of joy.
We'll be together forever!
Cherry! God! Thank you!
It's a bit heavy.
Elegance.
I will kill you.
Almost time. Sherry.
Subtitle translation by: Rychelle Brittain
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org